[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7-minute
marketing with Pam
my name is p.m. dinner I love sharing a
little dose of b2b digital content
marketing and sales enablement seven
minutes at a time hard as it is to
believe even though I've only been
working for myself for four years I have
just relaunched my website for the
fourth time that's pretty much why we
launched per year and I'm not talking
about changing copy here and there I'm
talking about completely design of a
website so here's the story or saga of
working on my website full of dramas and
nightmares and some of my takeaway so I
launched my first website in 2012 it was
pretty much a blog and a creative outlet
I was publishing my reflection and
observation about life in general it was
not a business website per se and I had
no clear value proposition I didn't talk
about Who I am and what I do then I
completely redid my website in 2012 when
I published my first book global content
marketing so that was a lot of work
then as 2015 roll around I decided I
don't know why did that was kind of dumb
I decided that I should shop in the
focus of my web presence to match with
my book so I created global content on
marketing as the main site and migrated
all my content from pimp dinner calm to
that side and I cap Pam dinner calm
static frankly I don't think that was a
right move hindsight is always 20/20
what I should have done is to keep
building my personal brand on p.m.
dinner calm so in 2016 I realized I made
a mistake I should just focusing on
building the content I'm Pam dinner calm
plus I was thinking about writing my
second book so does that mean I have to
launch another website just to match my
second book that just doesn't make a lot
of sense right so having just global
Marketing side wouldn't cut it guess
what I redesigned pamda no calm and move
all the content back again this was a
strategy change which directly impacted
my website presence in 2017
I added courses ecommerce capabilities
revamp speaking page and other features
and changed a design element to make it
more modern it's not a total relaunch
per se but it was still a huge amount of
work
now 2018 with the rival of my second
world guess what it's time to redo my
website with a newer look I feel like
I'm remodeling a room to welcome my
second baby in a way it is this time the
remodel was whole lot more elaborate I
thought about my value proposition
I added professionally done videos I
also had a blog and the podcast pages
custom coded for search categorization
and made them hold up more visually
appealing so here are three quick
lessons for launching and the
relaunching my web site number one
digital marketing can be static it's not
something you can check off Google
updates is search algorithms constantly
wall press is adding new features all
the time your website needs to keep up
with technology changes you need to feed
the monsters there's no shortcut and you
need to dress it up constantly and the
work just never ends
number two a website is part of
marketing outreach creating a website is
easy and I hate saying that the
challenging part is to tie subscription
downloads and offerings seamlessly to
marketing automation CRM and all tools
that's the hard part by constantly
working on my workflow to improve the
customer journeys it's difficult and
exhausting
number three tie your website
conversions to analytics I didn't know
this very well when launching the
previous sites I didn't set up goals and
the UTM properly on Google
analytics the best way to understand
your website is to make sure that you
define how you will measure conversions
and success using whatever tools that
you choose and it does require a lot of
thought and I'm still working on that
okay I kicked off the website launch
meeting April to anticipate the launch
on July 31st well the website to go live
on July 34 is for about five minutes
certain design elements didn't get
transferred so my team took everything
down then they worked through all the
details a migration again and relaunched
on August 9th
once that was relaunched we discovered
more problems like e-commerce features
were not working properly some images
and videos hasn't transferred and a
bunch of links were broken the QA took
three to four weeks and we are still
making minor changes here and there the
word is never done like I said man
creating a seamless digital customer
experience is easy to say but hard to do
if you're not in the trenches is hard
for you to understand and comprehend how
much where it goes behind the scenes to
make the website user-friendly and
seamless like I said the saga continues
friends who know me well are putting a
bed on when I'll redo my website again
I really hope seriously sincerely that
this website will last for a couple of
years but I know that's a wishful
thinking something will come up and prom
redo the website all over again
in the meantime I'm actually very
pleased with the current design my value
proposition is clear I have a solid
offerings most importantly I have a
better understanding of who I am and
what I can do something about writing
copy for my own website brings clarity
to Who I am writing I'm telling you it's
the best way to discover your inner self
okay I'm sure you'll hear more about my
website polite in the future but
now check out my website p.m. dinner
comm I'm very proud very proud of my v
makeover again send me your marketing
questions or thoughts via Twitter at Pam
dinner be well until next time
[Music]